Matt and Toms game- untitled 
Character Design-
Science man-
Either blonde or orange hair which has been deformed by constant, unstable scientific tests, the scientist wears huge goggles which stick out longer than his nose to protect his eyes from the same experiments that destroyed his hair. These goggles are black on the outside with a slight blue and white tinge on the lense. His eyes are not visble from far away; only if you look up close. Additionally due to his increable intellegence the scienctist head size is above average. He wears a white lab coat with a light  blue shirt and black trousers and shoes.
personality- somewhat arragent about the situation he is in constently remarking about the ineffectivness  of the alien ship and rope design. ‘slightly annoying but lovable’ “Book smart not street smart” sometimes rambles about nothing to himself as if a little insane.
Muscle man- A well built but short man whom always wears shorts and a t shirt similer to the “Hulk” black or blue clothing with buttons on the shirt? His viens are constently poping out of his arms and legs and is unable to walk like a regular man due to his size. He has big blue puppy looking eyes which huge eyebrows and a smaller head than body which has wrinkles in his forhead.  The Muscle man used to be the only “Western” sumo wrestler however was taken by the aliens during a training session. 
personallity. An extremely honorable man which has grown due to his time as a sumo wrestler. He is disturbed by the situation he is in however is ammused by the scientists ramblings. He is a get the job done sort of guy who enjoys relaxing after the job is done and not before.
Art Direction- 
Characters- Bright in the character design to represent the humanaty of the characters as they move their way through the alien vesse livley colours such as orange yellow white and blue, with some dark ones to convay tone or shadowsl. 
Background- purple and dark, steel blues to show the cold empty and alien setting that the characters are in however does not convay a bleak tone to the player more of an unfimiler one. windows in some levels to show where the player is in conjuction the the real world ‘Space maybe?’ semi realistic pipes or devices moving throughout the world gives the ‘levels’ more story elements as well as making them seem more like a place the characters are sent and less like a level of the game. EG. pipes with things moving through them in one levels, a few levels later finding out what happened to them.


Comedic elements- somewhat present although not a huge focus, not an overall serious game, not a comedy either. eg could be dialoge between characters or the animations and clothing choices as well as in the enviroment around them.


the Rope-  could be old rope design although an alien design would be more fitting, coils with some sort of energy orbiting around it. gives slack as the payers move closer together stregthens as the players move apart. as the muscle man pulls the scientist up the rope may wobble to give the impression of the streghen of the muscle man.